README.md, before:

# House Apportionment

Allocate seats in the U.S. House of Representatives according to the following algorithms:
* [Reapportionment Act of 1929](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reapportionment_Act_of_1929) – proportional allocation of 435 seats
* [Wyoming Rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wyoming_Rule) – proportional allocation of a number of seats such that the ideal ratio of population per seat is equal to the population of the constituency with the smallest population
* [cube root rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cube_root_rule) – proportional allocation of a number of seats equal to the smallest whole number greater than the principal cube root of the population

## Data Sources

* 1990 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/1990/dec/1990-apportionment-data.html
* 2000 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/2000/dec/2000-apportionment-data.html
* 2010 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/2010/dec/2010-apportionment-data.html
* 2020 – https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/research/evaluation-estimates.2020.html

Commit message:

Add summary tables to README

README.md, after:

# House Apportionment

Allocate seats in the U.S. House of Representatives according to the following algorithms:
* [Reapportionment Act of 1929](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reapportionment_Act_of_1929) – proportional allocation of 435 seats
* [Wyoming Rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wyoming_Rule) – proportional allocation of a number of seats such that the ideal ratio of population per seat is equal to the population of the constituency with the smallest population
* [cube root rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cube_root_rule) – proportional allocation of a number of seats equal to the smallest whole number greater than the principal cube root of the total population

## Summary

|                  |        1990 |        2000 |        2010 | 2020 (est.) |
| ---------------: | ----------: | ----------: | ----------: | ----------: |
| Total Population | 249,022,783 | 281,424,177 | 309,183,463 | 328,771,307 |


### Reapportionment Act of 1929

|                 |    1990 |    2000 |    2010 | 2020 (est.) |
| --------------: | ------: | ------: | ------: | ----------: |
|           Seats |     435 |     435 |     435 |         435 |
| Population/Seat | 572,466 | 646,952 | 710,767 |     755,796 |

### Wyoming Rule

|                 |    1990 |    2000 |    2010 | 2020 (est.) |
| --------------: | ------: | ------: | ------: | ----------: |
|           Seats |     547 |     569 |     545 |         565 |
| Population/Seat | 455,252 | 494,594 | 567,309 |     581,896 |

### Cube root rule

|                 |    1990 |    2000 |    2010 | 2020 (est.) |
| --------------: | ------: | ------: | ------: | ----------: |
|           Seats |     630 |     656 |     677 |         691 |
| Population/Seat | 395,274 | 429,000 | 456,696 |     475,791 |

## Data Sources

* 1990 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/1990/dec/1990-apportionment-data.html
* 2000 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/2000/dec/2000-apportionment-data.html
* 2010 – https://www.census.gov/data/tables/2010/dec/2010-apportionment-data.html
* 2020 – https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/research/evaluation-estimates.2020.html
